README.md, before:

# ChronoCapture

**ChronoCapture** is a powerful yet lightweight tool that records your screen at regular intervals, organizes the images into daily folders, and converts them into videos at real-time speed. Designed to run seamlessly in the background, ChronoCapture provides an organized way to document your screen activity with efficient storage management.

## Features
- **Per-Second Screen Recording**: Capture your screen at a customizable frame rate (e.g., 1 frame per second).
- **Daily Folder Organization**: Screenshots are stored in structured daily directories named by date (`YYYY-MM-DD`).
- **Real-Time Video Creation**: Automatically convert daily screenshots into videos with regular speed playback.
- **Storage Management**: Keep the last *N* days of screenshots while archiving older content as videos.
- **Customizable Output**:
  - Frame rate (FPS) for screenshots and video playback.
  - Video resolution (e.g., 256p, 512p, 1024p) and bitrate (e.g., 512kbps, 1024kbps, 2048kbps).
  - Configurable archive limit to manage storage efficiently.
- **Seamless Automation**: Automatically handles daily rollover and archival tasks.

## Use Cases
- **Activity Logging**: Keep a detailed record of your screen for productivity tracking or compliance purposes.
- **Content Documentation**: Preserve daily workflows, presentations, or processes for future review.
- **Long-Term Monitoring**: Record screen usage for extended periods with minimal manual intervention.

## Getting Started
1. Clone this repository.
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
3. Run the recorder:
  ```bash
  python main.py --fps 1 --root_dir /path/to/recordings --height 512 --bitrate 1024 --archive_limit 3
  ```

4. View your daily folders or check the archive folder for automatically generated videos.

Commit message:

Enhance timestamp handling, image processing, and Windows support
- **UTC-based timestamps**:
  - Use UTC timezone for all datetime operations to ensure consistency
  - Microsecond precision in screenshot filenames
  - Replace colons with hyphens in timestamps for Windows compatibility

- **Image processing improvements**:
  - Replace ffmpeg scaling with Pillow-based resizing (LANCZOS algorithm)
  - Remove video resolution parameter from archival process
  - Simplify ffmpeg command by handling scaling during capture

- **Windows environment support**:
  - Add venv activation instructions to README
  - Include Windows in supported services section
  - Normalize path handling with forward slashes in ffmpeg input pattern

- **Documentation updates**:
  - Remove lower resolution/bitrate options from examples
  - Fix line endings in markdown code blocks
  - Update setup instructions with virtual environment steps

- **Dependencies**:
  - Add Pillow requirement for image processing

README.md, after:

# ChronoCapture

**ChronoCapture** is a powerful yet lightweight tool that records your screen at regular intervals, organizes the images into daily folders, and converts them into videos at real-time speed. Designed to run seamlessly in the background, ChronoCapture provides an organized way to document your screen activity with efficient storage management.

## Features
- **Per-Second Screen Recording**: Capture your screen at a customizable frame rate (e.g., 1 frame per second).
- **Daily Folder Organization**: Screenshots are stored in structured daily directories named by date (`YYYY-MM-DD`).
- **Real-Time Video Creation**: Automatically convert daily screenshots into videos with regular speed playback.
- **Storage Management**: Keep the last *N* days of screenshots while archiving older content as videos.
- **Customizable Output**:
  - Frame rate (FPS) for screenshots and video playback.
  - Video resolution (e.g., 512p, 1024p) and bitrate (e.g., 1024kbps, 2048kbps).
  - Configurable archive limit to manage storage efficiently.
- **Seamless Automation**: Automatically handles daily rollover and archival tasks.

## Use Cases
- **Activity Logging**: Keep a detailed record of your screen for productivity tracking or compliance purposes.
- **Content Documentation**: Preserve daily workflows, presentations, or processes for future review.
- **Long-Term Monitoring**: Record screen usage for extended periods with minimal manual intervention.

## Getting Started
1. Clone this repository.
2. Create and run environment
  ```bash
  python -m venv venv
  venv\Scripts\activate
  ```
3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
4. Run the recorder:
  ```bash
  python main.py --fps 1 --root_dir /path/to/recordings --height 512 --bitrate 1024 --archive_limit 3
  ```

5. View your daily folders or check the archive folder for automatically generated videos.

## Services

1. Windows
